	I have proof that Dr. Fauci COVERED UP the BIGGEST 
MEDICAL MISTAKE IN HISTORY.

	The COVID antibody has no path into the lung. When 
I disocovered this, I let Dr. Fauci know.

	I did run it by my mentor, the Director of Ophtho 
at Johns Hopkins.

	I couldn't believe the size of the mistake either 
and I mulled over it and talked to a lot of people. No one 
had an answer. Isn't it ridiculous? The COVID antibody 
never enters the lung. Wasn't that the whole point of the 
vaccine? To help the LUNG in an infection?

	But, finally I wrote the page or two letter, and 
sent it to Dr. Fauci and several other directors and 
certified letters to every member in CONGRESS. When I had 
previously discussed it with my mentor, he listened 
quietly, and then told me I would be going to Stockholm.

	I really thought that would end the COVID vaccine. 
This was about two years ago, so before the vaccine 
approval. But, no. I received a reply from Dr. Emily 
Erbelding, who thanked for sending the letter to the 
several directors, including Dr. Fauci.

	But, a few weeks later, when Dr. Erbelding replied, 
what she generally seemed to say in her email was, well, 
sorry but our clinical results are awesome and here's a 
1985? paper that will give you more info.

	I was shocked. Didn't I just tell them that the 
COVID antibody will never go into the lung? I told my 
mentor and showed him the email. He was very disappointed 
and sad that they couldn't keep an open mind. He said, all 
they had to do was throw a couple million $ into it

	So, being me. And wordy. But precise and detail 
oriented. I wrote back a 73 page letter to Dr. Fauci. 
Explaining every aspect of this huge mistake. No reply. Of 
course, I sent him email after email. and even Dr. Francis 
Collins who happens to be the NIH director.

	And Dr. Collins happened to be my genetic professor 
in medical school (U of M, ann arbor, go blue).
	No reply. Couldn't believe it. Just couldn't. By 
this time, I knew there was something horribly bad going 
down.

	I then tried to contact the CDC. I must have 
emailed at least a couple dozen directors over and over. 
And I must have called at least half a dozen. The massive 
mistake is simple, isn't it? The COVID antibody will never 
enter the lung.

	The CDC directors, very curt and short and rude to 
me. Of course, not when I first call. I'm a lasik surgeon 
trying to give them some important info... and then, easy 
to explain to CDC M.D.s Blood lung barrier? can stop water? 
antibodies are huge??

	And then, invariably, their rush to get off the 
phone, often just click.  The coldest shoulders, I got from 
them. Now, I knew aargh. My highly educated double 
fellowshipped MIT friend kept telling me, you'll never stop 
it.

	This timeline isn't expanded. I did tons in between 
every tweet. But, I'm going to fast forward now. 

	I send ALL my info to Pfizer. 73 pages, 12 pages , 
3 pages. All the stuff I've been writing. I even explain 
that the PREP act gives them legal immunity, UNLESS...

	Pfizer, UNLESS you're involved in WILLFUL 
MISCONDUCT.  How will you explain to mothers later? whose 
children had severe side effects? Dr. Lee INFORMED you of 
your HORRIBLE MISTAKE? and you continued to sell your 
vaccine??

	Pfizer, CEO and directors, do you ALL want to ruin 
a huge company? For ONE vaccine?  Why don't you just do the 
right thing?

	Fast forward again. about a week ago, I called 
Moderna and taped a 25 minute conversation. Explaining all 
this. that their antibody has no path into the lung, that 
we had another way of healing, ribonucleases, that there 
are a lot of questions.

	I told Moderna I would release the tape on twitter. 
Fast forward. A couple of days ago, big news breaks and its 
huge on twitter, Pfizer admits did not test for viral 
transmission.

	Now, current. the day i'm writing these tweets. 
this is for teaching purposes, purely speculation about 
different actions organizations or companies can take, from 
very ethical, to very unethical. it's hard to know the 
truth. so, we have to examine every possibility.

	speculation. Now, If I'm Moderna and they thought 
their vaccine saved the world, and this lasik doc calls up 
and tells them about this ridiculously HUGE mistake, write 
under their NOSE, and SO simple EVERYONE can see it, they 
should have panicked. And then, say.

	speculation. moderna still. They should have said, 
this guy probably talked to PFizer too. more lawyers, more 
experienced lawyers. moderna thinks, we need to talk to 
them. we might be on the same side.... as Pfizer

	again. speculation. but that's what detectives do, 
play out different scenarios to find the bad guy, if there 
IS one. so, don't SUE me for clearly labelling this 
SPECULATION. That's to YOU BIG PHARMA

	speculation. Now, Pfizer. What a bad version of 
Pfizer might have done.  If moderna calls them again, this 
is a scenario. And moderna says, hey did this lasik doc 
talk to you guys too? what's your plan? is this a real 
issue?  Our antibody doesn't go into the lung?

	speculation again. Pfizer now KNOWS this news will 
break once the audiotape of the lasik doc and moderna 
conversation comes out. They need to get ahead of it. so, 
they KNOW they have to have LEGAL immunity. and KNOWING 
that they did something willful is the problem.

	speculation STILL. If a bad version of Pfizer only 
wants to protect themselves, cuz for a year they have known 
about this HUGE mistake (that's when the lasik doc told 
them) and now there is legal liability.

	speculation STILL. If a bad version of Pfizer only 
wants to protect themselves, cuz for a year they have known 
about this HUGE mistake (that's when the lasik doc told 
them) and now there is legal liability.

	speculation,  so, Then IF Pfizer comes out with 
this "never tested for viral transmission" which went huge 
on twitter, then they can say, we didn't EVER plan to have 
no viral tranmission, so when this lasik doc says we are 
involved in willful misconduct.... (continued)

	speculation still. if that doc says we were 
involved in bad deeds, we can say, we NEVER said the 
antibody was in the lung. or another way of saying that 
which they did say, we DID NOT TEST FOR VIRAL TRANSMISSION. 
So, now even if the Lasik DOC says, you're doing something 
bad

	speculation still.. we (PFizer, the bad version) 
can say, no. we made the vaccine to decrease severe 
morbidity and mortality. Then, the lasik doc's claim that 
we were doing something wrong cuz the antibody isn't in the 
lung, doesn't matter.

	speculation still. Pfizer still (bad version). If 
we weren't trying to ever get the antibody into the lung, 
then when this lasik doc tells us and the world the 
antibody isn't in the lung, it doesn't matter legally for 
us.

	speculation still. Pfizer (bad version, i'll get to 
the good version, but that one is short) then can't 
directly say, we never planned to get the antibody in the 
lung. But, what they CAN say is, "we never tested for viral 
transmission". which is the same thing. but clever

	speculation again, no need for lawsuits. detective 
work requires imagination.  

	So, NOW the world is upset because Pfizer ADMITS 
that they "never tested for preventing viral transmission". 
BUt, Pfizer gets itself OFF the hook legally. NO ONE told 
them to test for that

	spec. Pfizer would be off the hook because if I 
told them something that was a horrible mistake cuz their 
WHOLE goal was to get the antibody into the lung to protect 
the lung, but if they can say, that was NEVER our 
intention, then they didn't do anyting intentionally wrong

	Spec still.  Now Pfizer has clever attorneys and a 
lot of them. So if this is why they did it, wow. Dirty. But 
again, i was speculating about the bad version. 

	So, continuing. Vaccines then. Are ALL vaccines 
ONLY to prevent SERIOUS issues with the patient only?

	spec still. See, if vaccines are ONLY to prevent 
serious issues with vaccinated person and NOT to reduce 
viral transmission, then guess what? Pfizer, in this 
situation, ALL YOUR VACCINES other than COVID can NOT be 
mandated. Measles, mumps, rubella, you name it.

	Spec still. Pfizer, if this is what you were 
thinking, pick and choose. You are playing around with the 
definition of vaccines so you can escape legal liability? 
Why did Dr. Emily Erbelding at the NIH responding for Dr. 
Fauci feel the need to defend antibody in lung?

	But backing up and explaining the stupidity of the 
COVID vaccine hypothesis. 

	Our lung is basically a pocket of air. Our body, 
mostly water. If our lung couldn't keep water out, we would 
have drowned in our own fluids.  Our lung has this 
waterproof barrier..

	this waterproof barrier can keep tiny little water 
molecules weighing only 18 daltons, OUT of our lung.

	So, COVID enormous antibody molecules are made in 
the blood/lymph. to get into our lungs, they have only one 
option, to pass through our LUNG BARRIER.

	These crazy big COVID antibody molecules weigh 
145,000 daltons. If a water molecule looks like a diet 
coke, covid antibodies are the size of a mini-suv. so, the 
lung barrier can keep water molecules out and will never 
let in COVID antibodies into our lung.

	There isn't a single peer reviewed paper ON EARTH 
that describes an active transport system that can ferry 
these hcrazy gargantuan COVID antibodies across the very 
tight waterproof lung barrier, into the lung.

	Even crazier, in 2020, NOT one person in the US who 
got COVID for the first time (or anyone else for that 
matter) had a SINGLE COVID antibody in their system. 
Millions got COVID and healed within a week to 10 days 
WITHOUT COVID antibodies.

	To have helped anyone who recovered from COVID in 
2020, the COVID antibody would have needed to actually BE 
there. It wasn't. To have helped, it would have needed a 
TIME MACHINE. Per fauci, follow the science? or the science 
fiction?

	So, the COVID antibody would have needed a time 
machine to have helped anyone in 2020.... and when the 
antibody FINALLY arrives late to the party, either 
naturally or via vaccine, IT CAN'T GET THROUGH THE LUNG 
BARRIER, or it can. WITH A TELEPORTER. science fauci 
fiction?

	Very importantly, SOMETHING saved us in 2020, and 
it was NOT the COVID antibody. So, that SOMETHING, whatever 
it was, it's important to KNOW. Because if we know what it 
WAS, we can FACILITATE IT.

	That SOMETHING that saved us in 2020, I call it the 
LEE Enzyme (For fun). It's the ribonuclease enzyme. Why 
wouldn't this be it? IT was actually THERE in the year 
2020. Not the COVID antibody. It was actually IN our lung 
cells, NOT the COVID antibody.

	The FUNCTION of a ribonuclease enzyme is to DESTROY 
RNA, not just OUR RNA, COVID viral RNA TOO, very 
interestingly, COVID VACCINE RNA TOO. anyone wonder why the 
COVID mRNA vaccine was FROzen?? Cuz, this LEE ribonuclease.

	Yeah, the mRNA vaccines were FROzen cuz, this 
"contamination" (what Pfizer and Moderna feel is a 
CONTAMINATION) chews through ANY RNA. Irony? Pfizer 
considers this enzyme CONTAMINATION and this enzyme is what 
SAVED HUMANITY. Scientists are so clueless sometimes.

	So, see? can you trust anything someone says, when 
they call the REAL HERO a "contamination"? True. The 
solution to COVID WAS in their vials, it JUST WAS NOT THEIR 
VACCINE mRNA.  You can't write stuff this crazy. truth is 
stranger than fiction.

	Now, this LEE enzyme that saved the world from 
COVID in 2020. Why would it STOP working in 2021 and 2022 
and forever in the future? It probably IS the reason why we 
survived in 2021 and 2022. It probably was NOT the COVID 
antibody, EVER.

	see how logically the COVID antibody wasn't the 
hero? Fauci wanted it to be the hero. Maybe because the 
path from any VACCINE to MONEY had been vetted MANY times? 
Well, he should have checked the path from blood into LUNG 
for the antibody. Follow the Money Much Fauci?

	"but the mrna vaccine clinial trials showed such 
good results". ha. Can we clearly say it was NOT the 
antibody that can't enter the lung? maybe.. it was the SIDE 
EFFECT of the vaccine, tricking the body into making 
chemokines and interferon, giving us muscle aches?

	So, told money fauci, repeat the clinial trial. 
Compare the COVID mRNA vaccine to the FLU vaccine. What? 
why? flu vaccine doesn't make a covid antibody. It DOES 
ALSO have the main similar side effects of muscle aches and 
tricking the body into making chemokines.

	If the FLU vaccine ALSO works just as well as the 
COVID vaccine, against COVID... hmmm. just maybe the side 
effects of tricking the body into producing interferon 
(anti viral by the way), is what resulted in the good 
results??? (even tetanus shots protect againt COVID).

	So then, the COVID vaccine works, very temporarily, 
AS A MEDICINE??? IT's NOT then a VACCINE? Cuz the reason 
why it's working is the induction of chemokines by the 
BODY? holy cow. Then, should you REALLY give people a 
Medicine when they don't have the illness??? hmmmm.
	I guess? you can't mandate a "medicine" when you 
don't have the illness?  silly scientists. can't keep their 
definitions straight. and .. once people start 
re-defining.. you know, they're lying.

	that was just a side trip for all the idiots who 
want to say "the vaccine works, who cares how it works". 
yeah, well, in science, IT DOES MATTER HOW SOMETHING WORKS. 
THat is almost the DEFINiTION OF SCIENCE.

	Back to what saved us in 2020. The ribonuclease. 
The SECRET and the CURE is HOW to activate this enzyme to 
destroy RNA. FASTING.  Fasting activates this ribonuclease 
and ACTIVATES MORE of these ribonuclease enzymes.  FASTING 
FOR TWO DAYS IS THE CURE.

	In layman's terms. Viruses do NOT grow on their 
own. They grow within OUR cells and when OUR cells are 
growing more slowly during fasting, guess what? the virus 
grows much more slowly and our cells are less sick, we 
cough out less virus and pandemic over.

	Here is the biochemistry behind it. Fasting 
increases reactive oxygen species, which oxidizes 6 
sulfhyrdryl groups on the ribonuclease inhibitor, that then 
releases the ribonuclease which is extremely efficient at 
destroying RNA.

	The anti-vaxxers were right (of course, any time 
someone wants to poke the boundary between nonself and 
self, your skin, tell them to fuck off), their instincts 
were spot on.  The pro vaxxers? their uppity logic, "any 
bit of good is good", pure stupidity.
